docs: update jcloud gpu usage (#809)
jina-ai/clip-as-service: docs/hosting/on-jcloud.md

````

```{tip}

> `port` is unnecessary here as JCloud will assign a new URL for any deployed service. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`port` is unnecessary here as JCloud will assign a new hostname and port for any deployed service. 
```

```

Executors must start with `jinahub+docker://` as it is required by JCloud. We currently provide containerized executors [`jinahub+docker://CLIPTorchEncoder`](https://hub.jina.ai/executor/gzpbl8jh) and [`jinahub+docker://CLIPOnnxEncoder`](https://hub.jina.ai/executor/2a7auwg2) on Jina Hub. They are automatically synced on the new release of `clip_server` module. 
Please refer [here](https://docs.jina.ai/fundamentals/jcloud/yaml-spec/#gpu) for more details on using GPU in JCloud.
Notice that you must specify the correct docker image tag for your executor to utilize the GPU. For example `jinahub+docker://CLIPTorchEncoder/0.5.2-gpu`. 

> See the 'Tag' section in [CLIPTorchEncoder](https://hub.jina.ai/executor/gzpbl8jh) and [CLIPOnnxEncoder](https://hub.jina.ai/executor/2a7auwg2) for GPU docker image tags.

Reviewer: It's better to provide two YAML examples to show how to use GPU in jcloud

Author: which is preferred? shared or dedicated? https://docs.jina.ai/fundamentals/jcloud/yaml-spec/#gpu

Reviewer: Leave this question to the user. In our example, shared is fine.

````

```{tip}
`port` is unnecessary here as JCloud will assign a new hostname and port for any deployed service. 
```

Executors must start with `jinahub+docker://` as it is required by JCloud. We currently provide containerized executors [`jinahub+docker://CLIPTorchEncoder`](https://hub.jina.ai/executor/gzpbl8jh) and [`jinahub+docker://CLIPOnnxEncoder`](https://hub.jina.ai/executor/2a7auwg2) on Jina Hub. They are automatically synced on the new release of `clip_server` module. 

To enable GPU on JCloud, you need to configure it in the YAML file and use prebuilt docker GPU images. For example,

```yaml
jtype: Flow
executors:

>   - uses: jinahub+docker://CLIPTorchEncoder/0.5.2-gpu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - uses: jinahub+docker://CLIPTorchEncoder/latest-gpu
```

    jcloud:
      resources:
        gpu: shared
```

Please refer [here](https://docs.jina.ai/fundamentals/jcloud/yaml-spec/#gpu) for more details on using GPU in JCloud.

> Notice that you must specify a docker image GPU tag for your executor to utilize the GPU. For example `0.5.2-gpu`. 

Reviewer: change the tag
